how autoscale works behind the scenes ?
what is readiness / liveliness Probes ?
how do you ensure that your deployment process won't be having any downtime ?
do you know about services in k8s ?
what's the difference between replicaset and deployment ?
what is Ingress ?
what is distroless images ?
what is multi-stage docker deployments ?
    A multi-stage build is a feature in Docker that allows you to create smaller, optimized container images by breaking the build process into multiple stages. 
    It: helps reduce the final image size by only including the necessary files and dependencies required to run the application, leaving out the build tools or intermediate artifacts.
what is CRD ? 
    How Does a CRD Work? 
        Define the CRD: You create a YAML file that describes the schema and behavior of your custom resource.
        Deploy the CRD: Apply the YAML file to the cluster using kubectl.
        Use the CRD: Once the CRD is registered, you can create custom resources (instances of the CRD) and manage them like any other Kubernetes resource.
        Controller (Optional): Write a controller to automate the management of these custom resources.
what is Admission controller in k8s ?
    An Admission Controller in Kubernetes is a piece of code that intercepts incoming API requests to the Kubernetes API server before the request is persisted to the cluster. 
    It allows you to validate, mutate, or reject requests based on certain conditions or policies.
    Types of Admission Controllers
        Mutating Admission Controllers: These controllers can modify the resource being created or updated. For example, adding default labels or annotations to Pods. Example: MutatingAdmissionWebhook
        Validating Admission Controllers: These controllers validate the resource but do not modify it. They can reject a request if it violates certain policies. Example: ValidatingAdmissionWebhook

What is CI/CD and how you maintain them in your project ?
What type of runners you use ?
How did you configured your eks cluster ?
What is release based pipelines ?
what are affinity rules in k8s ?
what are taints & tollerations in k8s ?
what is pod distruption budget ?
What is cronJobs ?
heap dump and thread issues with Java application
About Aurora & sizes ?
How many nodes and their sizes ?
terraform basics ? versions
can I change terraform state manually and do apply ?
aws services scan
Difference between nginx & aws load balancer controller ?
stateful-set
command to get memory & cpu utilization
Promotheus
terragrunt
networking commands

project related stuff:

    why are you exposing backend ?
    why separate cluster for each RDS
    why cloudFront for backend services
    how we filter the traces and metrics ?
    why Appmesh ?
        Encryption adds an additional layer of security beyond the private network.
        end-to-end encryption as Compliance rule
        Zero trust architecture
    what are all security practices you follow ?
        WAF
        Security group
        Only https using certificates
        pod-to-pod encryption
        Enable encryption on aws services ( kms keys )
        Sensitive data
        mostly PR review